Hello, freak bitches. And some, some people make that argument with, you know,
Floyd Mayweather said, listen, his uncle,
his dad he's been doing since he was about six he's the best argument,
the best argument. Yeah. The best argument who he never gets hit,
he's been hit in a professional career. That's spanned 49 fights.
He's been hit maybe hard seven or eight times. True. The, the, the only,
and there's a few X factors in the, in this fight. The,
the only kind of thing that gives people hope if you're on team MMA or team
Connor, which is not MMA versus Suboxone.
But if your team Connor is these X factors of Floyd's had two years off, right.
He said two years off, but in the past,
he's taking time off and comes back better.
But he is 40 it's for that has to be something, you know, and the other thing,
why is he doing it? Is he doing it for money?
What's he's doing it for attention. Why is he coming back to get to 50?
And then, uh, the eight ounce gloves, which they officially approve today.
Eight ounce gloves is a huge, huge advance for con I think, man, it's all,
it's all interesting, man. But they're all X factors, right?
Like we don't really to be on. No one really knows.
I think I have an idea what I thinks gonna happen, but no one knows. Right. But,
and that's why I think the, the footage of Connor sparring,
poly is such a big deal. Cuz people go, oh, no, he can actually box.
And I even think Dan and the Ts who were there watching go, uh,
we actually got something here and that's why it was such a big deal.
Cause I think everyone's like, all right, Connor MMA. He's good.
I I've seen him move around. I'm saying this, this dude,
as far as boxing he's you've guys, some problems, is he the best,
all time problems? Who knows? What,
what kind of training had Paul been doing before that fight? Like how,
what kind of shape was he in? Yeah, not in, not in 12 round shape, you know?
And Paul just got, did the plane. Why did he do 12 rounds?
Why do he that's what they that. Right. But had he been training? Uh,
he got word from Connor's team that they're going to use them.
So he started to train some, but not like,
it's not like he was getting ready for a fight fight, you know?
So that's what he said. He goes, man, you know, for me to go,
12 rounds was tough. Like I wasn't expecting to go all 12 rounds.
Cause the first day they used him,
I think he said he only did six or eight rounds. And then he was like, oh,
we're gonna spar tomorrow more. And I'll get in better shape stuff like that.
Get used to the fighting shape. And they, they didn't use them. Then he flew to,
uh, cover the, uh, Mikey Garcia, uh,
uh Broer fight and then came back and he was fresh off the plane.
And then he sparked 12 rounds. Mm. So he is like, they just did me dirty, man.
That's his whole thing. His, his feelings are hurt. He's like, why,
why would they do that, man? I's here to help him.
What they did that that's the kind of help they wanted.
They just wanted kind of help that he didn't want to give.
They wanted the kind of help where Connor beats a out of a world champion.
Correct. And that's what Connor said though. Yeah.
Like in Connor's defense when they go, oh you're bringing, Paul goes, yeah,
I'm bringing, he says it on Showtime during the media scrum. He goes, yeah,
I'm bringing him in the him up. And I think Paul thought oh, said that. Yeah.
He goes I'm. He goes, I'm gonna bring him in and him up.
<laugh> word for word that's on. That's on document. Yeah. That's document.
So then Paul gets in and goes, oh, we'll spar and be all good. But remember,
six months prior to this poll goes,
I could be Connor with one hand type behind my back. Oh,
Connor's like a baby elephant. He stores that and was like, right man. Oh,
he said that mm-hmm <affirmative> whoops.
But he thought it was just hing the fight. You know,
he thought they'd spar and be like boys, but that just didn't happen.
Like Connors literally there just to prove a point. Well, he,
it's a very important point to prove before a giant fight like that.
Like that video alone is probably worth,
who knows how many thousand of hundreds of thousands of buys on of price
priceless, priceless. That's worth so much money. I mean, how many more people,
a lot of people were gonna buy the fight anyway,
but how many more people are gonna buy the fight now that you see con landing
that straight left and then dropping Pauling.
And Paul said is a push down mm-hmm <affirmative> and you could see that it's
not a push down. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I mean,
it's just not mm-hmm <affirmative> if you get pushed down like that,
you probably concuss already. Yeah. If your balance is off,
I see what you're saying. That's so bad.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> like he was saying something about him getting grabbed in
the back of the head. You could watch it, watch the knockdown. Paul saying,
poll's saying it's dirty. And he, he, I get that. I get that.
But that he signed up for it. Its a fight. But the other thing is,
poll's saying, you know, and he goes, take what you want from the video goes.
But I think come on his team and Dana up putting this out. Cuz now,
now Floyd may with the team knows, this is, this is how he fights.
Like this is the dirty stuff he does so they can warn the rest.
They're nothing dirty there. The whole, the rabbit behind the head,
dirty inboxing. That's dirty. You can get away with it, but that's frowned upon.
It's gonna happen. Those rabbit punches. But Floyd's gonna do that. See this,
this part right here. Give me some volume on that. So you can hear that
He's hitting him hard, man. Okay. You know,
he hits him with a straight left.
That's clean and then it looks like he's wobbled and he hits him with the right
hand afterwards. Like play that part one more time when he goes down.
Like you can't, I don't see an argument.
I've tried to look at it of a push down. I don't see it. I don't see it.
This is the beginning part up. And that's a legit ref by the way. Yeah.
Yeah. Joe Cortez. Super legit. Ooh
Dude. He's beating the out of me. Okay.
I don't give a what anybody says.
Like if he can land those combinations on Paulina like that at any point in
life, that is yeah, man hitting that.
Validate that to me, that validates at the same time in Paul's defense,
you know, nine, 12 round in fight, shape. He's exhaust. Get all that.
I get all that. But still Paul should have never done that. Yeah. He must up,
he must have underestimated him. You know? Uh, I had uh, uh, uh, Andre,
Beton on my show. He's supposed to help Connor out and he's like,
I ain't going up there. So I'm and he's he's he's good friends with con him,
Connor did rehab together. He's like, nah, I'm not going up there, man. He goes,
just speak. Cause and he had a good point. He goes,
let's say I go up there and help Connor. And for whatever reason,
he doesn't think he's gonna win. He goes,
let's say he bla fully made with in the face.
I'm gonna get so much hate from the boxing world. Like he's a fraternity man.
And he's like, and mm-hmm, <affirmative> the way he did poly. Like we just,
we can't do it. It man, he goes, I wish I'm the best,
but I'm not gonna help him. Well,
I also think that if he's peaking and he's in full fight shape,
but they're making you fight 12 rounds.
I mean that's when you're in the gym and you're sparring 12 rounds that isn't
that unusual that you get one guy to bark 12 rounds with you. Oh no, no, no.
It was designed for Paul to get beat up. Yeah. But, and I feel like, uh,
you know, Paul's is a team player. If I don't know if you've ever met Paul,
he loves you. But if you ever met Paul, like, I feel like he's such a good guy.
Didn't say anything. Listen, if you brought me to do anything,
I've got guys offered that wanted me to help him with camps.
I turn it down and you're like, Hey,
we need to go five fives that ain't happening. Right. I'll give you one round,
two rounds. But you, for your, for the best condition, usually do a shark tank.
You're on this joke, bringing fresh guys for D it looks and push you harder.
So this is just a showcase of Connor's abilities at Paul's expense. Yep.
I like Paul's commentator. I think he's one of his best in the world.
He's really, really good. He offers like real legitimate insight. He's really,
really good.
Do you think that he got rocked and doesn't doesn't remember how this went?
Like did he think that he me maybe did think that he got pushed down? No, I,
again, I think it's a combination of both. I think, you know, poll had one,
some, and he even says, he goes, I want some rounds, collar won some rounds. Mm.
You know, I'd like to see it. All right. Me too. And the UFC said,
they're gonna release it after the fight,
which is that that's gonna be the real test.
It's gonna be real test what cuz Dana said it was a one-sided Beatdown. Yeah.
Dana was like, he has it for 12 rounds, which I don't believe that.
<affirmative> what if it's true? Uh, like you, you,
you gotta go with what poll did say happened and then what you see happened.
I think it's a combination of both. I really do. I think again,
I think it's people were like, yeah, you know, everyone's on this con wagon,
especially in the UFC Dana that's his golden boy. Right.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and I think we knew Connor could box,
but then when you see him doing againsts Paul you're like, oh.
And so even I bet when we watch the tape room, like, oh Connor did pretty well.
I don't think you beat the up poly for 12 rounds. I think towards the end,
you probably like you see that, that hap like that happens. Well, obviously,
listen, this has obviously been very valuable.
If there were more moments like this, don't you think they would leak those two?
Correct? They'd be everywhere. I mean,
they're saying they don't want him to see what is working on. Okay.
Just show us a mom. Gimme the highlights. Punches that landed.
Just gimme like one of those Mike Tyson sicky second highlights.
Just show me a few BA BA BA BA, BA BA. Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
you don't have to like show all of its patterns,
but how well did this hype that like, this is probably this huge giant.
And now Paul, you know, you have this huge soap,
opera run boxing going right now. Paul's a main character now.
So Paul might have to fight Connor if Floyd,
if Floyd and even if Floyd and Connor,
if Floyd beats Connor and then Paul can say, look, I,
I want my shot at him. You know, you,
you talked a lot of and I didn't get in shape. That's the play.
But it's only the play. It's only the play. If Connor has a good showing,
even if you lose in decision as long, he's a good showing. Right.
Then you do McGregor promotions against poly MAANA. Yeah.
And I'm buying that the only way. fighting. Kabe, Tony Ferguson,
all that elbow. Cuz Jitsu. Nah,
we're gonna put on these eight ounces, go 12 rounds and make some money.
Some serious money. That's a lot of people think he'll never fight MMA again.
I mean, he's gonna make a hundred million from this fight. Yeah.
Probably more that's with sponsors. Yeah. That's a lot of money.
That's that's SCR MC duck rich. That's that's we go in 30,
even 30. It has a son, you know, he's a smart guy. Yeah. I,
I think the play would to, and I know a lot of you see,
people are like that's cuz you're never a fighter shop. And I get that.
Give any UFC fighter $100 million. They're both throwing up deuces going see ya.
Yeah. This is way too hard of a life. A hundred mil Steven sat sheets.
And I can go fight Paul. Yeah. For another, whatever.
50 mil probably of my own money. Ooh. Or,
or I'll go fight Nate di as an a trilogy. You know what I'm saying?
90% or more econom McGregor versus Floyd may there money man says notorious will
lose 90% of his 75 million payday he's disqualified. Yeah. Yeah. I know that.
Yeah. Oh yeah. That's that's if he does an MMA move on him and he,
he won't people ask that all the time. He's not gonna get,
can you throw a Superman punch, spin and punch. I'm like get outta my face.
Absolutely not. You can't it's too bad.
You can't throw a spinning back fist though. Whoa. Have some, some,
some gentleman rules for God's sake. Did you imagine though, if, if Floyd said,
uh, you could throw elbows mm-hmm <affirmative> I'm surprised he has it.
Eight ounce gloves. We'll do what we wanna do. Let's do this. Let's do this.
Could you imagine? Oh yeah.
And you get elbows and you can throw one kick around and the guy can clench and
throw elbows from the clench.